Add content for the new building module - Closes #754 (#755)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/building/pages/releases.adoc

.. Update Lisk Commander reference
.. Update Lisk Elements reference
.. Update Lisk Framework reference
.. Update Config reference
. Explanations
. Example applications
+
NOTE: These updates need to be done in the {url_github_sdk_examples}[lisk-sdk-examples^] repository.
. Tutorials
. Guides
. Changelog

== UI updates

Use `dev_antora` as base branch for all pull requests.
`dev_antora` is used in the {url_staging}[lisk-docs staging environment^].

* Update top navigation in `src/partials/header-content.hbs`:
** Check, if any links are outdated and update or remove them.
** Check, if any new links should be added.
** If a new documentation component is released: The new component needs to be added to show dynamically in the top left.

== Release preparations

=== Updates on `docs-sdk-3.0.2`

[[update_previous]]
==== Update `antora.yml`

IMPORTANT: This needs to be updated at the same time as on the <<update_latest,latest version branch>>.

* Create a new issue to update the version of the previous version branch in `antora.yml`.
* Change `master` to `3.0.2`.
* Change `3.0.2 (latest)` to `3.0.2`.

==== Updates on other branches like `docs-core-3.0.0-beta.0`

[NOTE]
====

> Do not forget to check if you need to update in other components the references to pages in `docs-sdk-3.0.2` from `master` to `3.0.2`.

Author: ```suggestion
Do not forget to check if it is necessary to perform any updates in other components, which relate to references within the applicable pages.
```
